tonight the biggest and fiercest shark
in history
will face the blue a mysterious creature
from the ocean depths
the fight takes place far out at sea so
people are not in danger
but if megalodon loses the life of all
mankind may be at risk
but first let's get to know our
opponents better
mklodon was an ancient marine predator a
giant
shark feared by all aquatic life for
millions of years
megalodon had no competitors in the
oceans it was at the top of the food
chain
currency inhabitants don't even realize
how lucky they are
because this monster went extinct about
three million years ago
although people can't know for sure if
it's really gone
the ocean is only five percent explored
it's possible
that somewhere in the depths megalodon
still terrifies
all the fish and today the colossal
shark will fight against a worthy
opponent the bloop
technically that's just the name of the
sound the sound that oceanographers
recorded in 1997
the creature that made it could be
called a sea monster a kraken
a beast from the deep no one knows how
it looks
but we can guess its size
this ultra low frequency blue was so
powerful
that it could be heard by special
sensors 3 000 miles away
if you were in new york you could listen
to the sound from los angeles
but the sound was deep underwater where
the audibility is actually much worse
a creature that can make such a sound
could be dozens of times bigger than a
blue whale
the largest animal living in the world
interestingly
the source of the sound is located near
the most remote place on earth
point nemo it's located more than one
thousand miles off the coast of the
three nearest islands
this place is one of the most poorly
studied on our planet
point nemo is used by many companies as
a space garbage dump
because of the long distance from land
every year satellites fall there
but the worst thing is that the
coordinates of the fictional ancient
city of relay
are near point nemo that city was
described in the books of author h.p
lovecraft
among the ruins of relay the monster
cthulhu lives
yeah it sounds nothing like it looks hey
neither do i hey cthulhu
buy a vowel will ya man it's like a cat
walked across the keyboard
and there's your name this is an
entirely fictional creature
but many people think it could be the
source of the bloop
the chances of the megalodon winning are
small because cthulhu
is a demigod it has arms and legs wings
and a head resembling a colossal octopus
or clam
with dozens of long tentacles it's
impossible to determine cthulhu size
but if you believe the records of riders
and drawings its size can reach
up to 300 feet in height the megalodon
is five times smaller at about 60 feet
or slightly less than one subway car ooh
a nice
lunch for a monster shark the shark
weighs about 100 tons
like two tanks the weight of cthulhu is
also unknown
but we can say with confidence that it
can easily lift
two tanks with its hands but cthulhu can
change its size and
shape at will it can be anybody from the
size of a human to the extent of a
continent
also cthulhu can spawn any number of
limbs
but let's not stray too far into fantasy
otherwise megalodon won't stand a chance
to win
let's say cthulhu has a constant size
so in size megalodon loses to its
opponent
cthulhu is an ancient wise being that is
more than a million years old
it has secret knowledge and telepathy
megalodon is primarily an animal that
simply follows its instincts
one of the main advantages of any match
is intelligence
so cthulhu wins against the giant shark
again
lovecraft described cathullo sleeping
for many millennia
and waiting to awaken to start an
apocalypse
therefore all people in the world are
interested in a megalodon victory
to support the shark people send their
ships to hell
it's a bit unfair but even now cthulhu
wins the monster can control people
telepathically
it gives an order to every sailor's
brain and all the ships
sail away from the battlefield oh by the
way
do you know what sea monsters prefer for
lunch fish
and ships an oldie but a goodie
meanwhile as cthulhu is distracted by
the ships
megalodon has a chance there are two
things in which the shark is superior to
a demigod
the first is speed megalodon doesn't
swim very fast about 11 miles per hour
athletes can run faster but for giant
cthulhu this
is fast megalodon can maneuver around
the green monster
and thanks to its smooth skin slip out
of the demi-gods clutches
megalodon swims behind cthulhu and uses
its second advantage
jaws the bite of a megalodon is
considered one of the strongest among
all creatures that have ever existed on
earth
its bite force can reach up to 20 tons
six times stronger than a tyrannosaurus
60 times more powerful than an african
lion's bite
and 600 times more powerful than mine
megalodon bites its prey armed with 300
teeth
each one is razor sharp and the size of
an adult's palm
such a jaw becomes an advantage in the
fight against the blue
one megalodon's bite is enough to injure
cthulhu seriously
but of course this isn't enough to
defeat a demigod
thanks to its speed the megalodon can
inflict many attacks
but sooner or later cthulhu will manage
to catch the shark
cthulhu uses tentacles to grab its
opponent megalodon is trapped and can't
move
the bloop is going to pull the shark out
of the water
it seems that the green monster will win
the fight
but several unknown objects are
approaching the place of the fight
cthulhu is being attacked from all sides
the green monster is unique it's one of
a kind but the megalodon has
offspring many sharks from all over the
ocean swim to help their relatives
now the sides are equal cthulhu again
uses telepathy to summon people to help
hundreds of ships sail to the fight
location
it orders them to open fire on the
enemies dozens of sharks quickly swim
around cthulhu
it's impossible to hit them and not
injure the green monster
cthulhu loses by its own mistake it
cancels the telepathic order and decides
to deal with the shark squad alone
cthulhu uses its tentacles to catch each
shark one by one
but the sharks work great as a team once
one shark is captured the others bite
the tentacle and help it escape
all cthulhu attacks fail it needs time
to think of a new strategy
but where to retreat when there are a
lot of enemies
everywhere to go back to the ancient
city is to admit defeat
cthulhu has an idea it opens its wings
and makes a single wave that
like a blast throws all the sharks aside
the monster floats to the surface
another wave and tsunami forms in the
ocean
cthulu rises to the air black clouds
accumulate
thunder rumbles lightning strikes
everywhere
and a downpour begins cthulhu is in the
sky directly over a group of megalodons
it has taken a short break and now the
green monster is ready for another
attack
a shrill whistle sounds above cthulhu
a satellite's falling cutting through
the storm clouds
then another one cthulhu is not prepared
for an attack of space debris
it dives into the water and retreats
once more into the ruins of the ancient
city
megalodon wins with the last of its
strength
fortunately oops sorry fortunately such
a fight will never happen
megalodon went extinct millions of years
ago
there is a hundredth of a percent chance
that this shark species is still alive
this is excellent news for megalodon
fans though you can find a
million-year-old tooth of this creature
in places all over the world
where people gather to hunt this
artifact professionals
and tourists sell found teeth for a lot
of money
or keep them as a souvenir as for the
bloop
you can play the recording on the
internet and learn that this is not
cthulhu or some kind of sea monster the
national oceanic and atmospheric
administration noaa confirmed that the
blue is actually the sound of
eyes when large icebergs crack and
collapse
they generate powerful ultra low
frequency sounds
there are many records of famous ice
earthquakes that had
similarities to the bloop